Country note UG update (#322)
AY2021S1-CS2103T-F11-4/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">

**:information_source:** Please refer to [this](#ui-when-viewing-country) if you need to be re-acquainted with the UI for country note related commands
</div>

> Views the list of country notes that are associated with the country which corresponds to the given country code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Views the list of country notes that are associated with the country corresponding to the country code supplied.
```

* Command: `country note view c/SG`

    Only country notes for **Singapore** will be displayed.

### Adding notes for a country: `country note add`

> Adds a note that will be associated with the country which corresponds to the given country code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a note that will be associated with the country corresponding to the country code supplied.
```

    Adds a **note** for the country of **Singapore** with the following specifications: 
    - Content: **_has one of the lowest corporate taxes in the world_** 
    - Tag: **_tax_** 
    
* Command: `country note add c/CN nt/building good relations (guanxi) is important when conducting business here t/intercultural`

    Adds a **note** for the country of **China** with the following specifications: 
    - Content: **_building good relations (guanxi) is important when conducting business here_** 
    - Tag: **_intercultural_** 
    
* Command: `country note add c/IN nt/is world's fastest growing economy`

    Adds a **note** for the country of **India** with the following specifications:
    - Content: **_is world's fastest growing economy_** 
    - Tag: **_untagged_**
    
### Editing notes for a country: `country note edit`

Edits a note that is associated with a specific country at the given index based on the **most recent view** of the [list panel displaying country notes](#ui-when-viewing-country). Supplying tags to the command will add the tags onto the current existing tags for that note.

> It is possible to edit a country note even when the country notes list panel is not being displayed. 

Reviewer: Should we make this bold? Just in case. Also i realised we can delete country notes even when we haven't viewed the list panel displaying country notes lol, like directly from startup

Author: Not relevant now, cannot delete/edit country notes when not viewing country notes panel

> Due to ambiguity, editing of a country note when the country notes panel is not being displayed will not be allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to ambiguity, editing of a country note when the country notes panel is not being displayed is not allowed, and an error message will be shown if this is attempted.
```

Given the list of country notes in the country note list panel:

```
Japan
--------
1. A high-context country, hence building relationships is important for doing business [tag: intercultural]

Singapore
--------
2. Small domestic market as compared to rest of SEA countries [tag: marketsize]

Thailand
--------
3. Political unrest in the capital [tag: politics]
```

Command: `country note edit 2 nt/Rising middle class with increased purchasing power t/spending`

Edits the second country note in the country notes panel. In this case, it will be the note under **Singapore**. The resulting list will look like:

```
Japan
--------
1. A high-context country, hence building relationships is important for doing business [tag: intercultural]

Singapore
--------
2. Rising middle class with increased purchasing power [tag: marketsize, spending]

Thailand
--------
3. Political unrest in the capital [tag: politics]
```

### Deleting notes for a country: `country note delete`

Deletes a note that is associated with a specific country at the given index based on the **most recent view** of the [list panel displaying country notes](#ui-when-viewing-country).

> It is possible to delete a country note even when the country notes list panel is not being displayed. 

Reviewer: bold this?

Author: Same as above

> Due to ambiguity, deleting of a country note when the country notes panel is not being displayed will not be allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to ambiguity, deleting of a country note when the country notes panel is not being displayed is not allowed, and an error message will be shown if this is attempted.
```
